Workflow:

    User Action: User downloads PrepareForLindows.exe inside Windows.

    Elevation: The app requests "Run as Administrator" (UAC prompt).

    UI: A simple window appears: "Packing your Suitcase for Lindows..."

    The Extraction (The "Pack"):

        WiFi: Run netsh export.

        Browsers: Script decrypts Chrome/Edge DB and saves a passwords.csv (temporarily).

        BitLocker: Run manage-bde to grab the recovery key.

    The Handoff:

        The tool zips everything into suitcase.zip.

        Option A (Dual Boot): Saves it to the root of C: (unencrypted if possible, or warns user).

        Option B (USB Install): Copies suitcase.zip onto the Lindows USB Installation stick.

4. Security Warning

Since you are extracting passwords and WiFi keys into a transfer file:

    This "Suitcase" is highly sensitive.

    If you save it as suitcase.zip on a USB stick, anyone who finds that stick has Grandma's banking passwords.

    Recommendation: When the .exe runs, ask the user to create a temporary "Transfer Password." Encrypt the suitcase.zip with that password. When Lindows installs, ask for that password one last time to unpack the suitcase.




WIFI 

Command: netsh wlan export profile key=clear folder=c:\suitcase

Result: This dumps XML files for every saved network containing the SSID and the password in plain text. Lindows can easily parse these XMLs and auto-connect on first boot.


BROWSER

Bookmarks: easy. These are standard JSON or HTML files stored in %AppData%. You can just copy them.

Passwords: Hard. Chrome/Edge encrypt saved passwords using Windows DPAPI (Data Protection API). This encryption is tied to the current Windows user's login.

    The Issue: If you just copy the Login Data file to Lindows (Linux), you cannot decrypt it because the Linux OS doesn't have the Windows user's encryption key.

    The Solution: Your "Suitcase" .exe must decrypt the passwords while still inside Windows and export them to a portable format (like CSV or a custom encrypted file that Lindows).


BITLOCKER

The Barrier: If the drive is BitLocker encrypted, Linux (via dislocker) needs the Recovery Key (the long number), not just the user's PIN.

The Fix: Your tool can run a command like manage-bde -protectors -get C: -Type RecoveryPassword to reveal the numeric recovery key.

Suitcase Action: Save this key into a text file in the Suitcase. When Lindows boots, it can look for this key and auto-mount the old Windows partition.


HANDOFF

Tool "zips" everything.

Option A (Dual Boot): Saves it to the root of C: (unencrypted if possible, or warns user).

Option B (USB Install): Copies suitcase.zip onto the Lindows USB Installation stick.


Security Warning

Since you are extracting passwords and WiFi keys into a transfer file:

    This "Suitcase" is highly sensitive.

    If you save it as suitcase.zip on a USB stick, anyone who finds that stick has Grandma's passwords.

    Recommendation: When the .exe runs, ask the user to create a temporary "Transfer Password." Encrypt the suitcase.zip with that password. When Lindows installs, ask for that password one last time to unpack the suitcase.
